closing on some documentation gaps (#408)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/agent-chat/claiming-and-closing.md

This priority is calculated dynamically and is based on a number of metrics.

## Priority

> When we receive a message from a user, We allocate it to Queues with a calculated priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we receive a message from a user, we allocate it to Queues with a calculated priority.
```

- Agent Queue
  - Every agent has his own dedicated agent queue.
  - Chats are added to this queue in the below scenarios
    - If an Agent or Team Lead, manually re-assigns a chat to an agent, and that agent was already handling chats at his maximum allocated concurrency.
    - If an Agent had marked a chat as "waiting for user", and the user returns, when the agent was already handling chats at his maximum allocated concurrency.

### Priority Calculation
>  Our bot is a special agent, code named ‘Gogo’

The priority value and presence in ‘Team Queue’ or individual ‘Agent queue’ is calculated based on the below metrics:
- New user or returning user
- Existing Conversation or New Conversation
- Bot involvement in business, and no previous assigned agent 
  - **If the bot is present and can handle the query** then the conversation continues
  - **If the bot breaks and human assistance is enabled for business** then the conversation is transferred to default team
  - **If a bot flow triggers human assistance**, then the conversation is assigned to the default team, unless a particular team was specified via the integration function.

>   - **If Bot breaks and agent-assistance is disabled for business** then the Bot break message or the outlier message as defined in business config is sent as a message by the bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **If Bot breaks and agent-assistance is disabled for business** then the Bot break message as defined on Business Manager is sent as a message by the bot
```

> - Returning user and agent Relation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Returning user and agent relation
```

  - If the agent to whom this user spoke to earlier is currently online, we assign this conversation to the same agent.
  - If the agent to whom this user spoke to earlier is currently offline, we clear the relation between this user and agent, and allocate the chat to the next avaiable agent.
  - When an agent logs out, we clear the relation between this agent and all users he/she might have interacted with earlier.

> Apart from the above, once can choose between 2 Chat Assignment Algorithms in Smart Agent Chat, please refer to this [link](https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/chat-assignment). for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the above, one can choose between the two **Chat Assignment Algorithms** on Smart Agent Chat, you can read more about it [here](https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/chat-assignment).
```

- Existing Conversation or New Conversation
- Bot involvement in business, and no previous assigned agent 
  - **If the bot is present and can handle the query** then the conversation continues

>   - **If the bot breaks and agent-assistance is enabled for business** then the conversation is transferred to specified team via defined integration functions or to the default team assigned in the bot builder

Reviewer 2: Is it a common terminology to call it as "agent-assistance" as this might confuse users in future of our "Agne Assist" feature, will it be ok if we write "Agnet Chat" ??

  - **If a bot flow triggers agent-assistance**, then the conversation is assigned to the default team, unless a particular team was specified via the integration function.

>   - **If Bot breaks and agent-assistance is disabled for business** then the Bot break message or the outlier message as defined in business config is sent as a message by the bot

Reviewer 2: Is it a common terminology to call it "agent-assistance" as this might confuse users in the future of our "Agne Assist" feature, will it be ok if we write "Agent Chat" ??

Author: updated the text.

- Returning user and agent Relation
  - The following rules are present to improve our end user experiance w.r.t returning users
    - If the agent to whom this user spoke to earlier is currently online, we assign this conversation to the same agent.

>     - If the agent to whom this user spoke to earlier is currently offline, we clear the relation between this user and agent, and allocate the chat to the next avaiable agent.

Reviewer 2: "available" spell

  

## Closing & Completing Chats

> When an agent has completed a chat, we ask for closing categories if they are enabled for the business, else we close the chat directly.

Reviewer 2: We can add a hyper link for "closing categories" - https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/closing-categories#docsNav

Author: done

  <br/><br/>
  

## Chat assignment - End user experience
The following section covers how an agent is assigned a chat.

> Once the chat is assigned to an agent, the user can see the handover to the agent on the SDK UI. <br/><br/>
![all_custom_tools](assets/sdk_claim.png)

## Closing & Completing Chats
When an agent has completed a chat, we ask for [closing categories](https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/closing-categories) if they are enabled for the business, else we close the chat directly.

> Once the chat is marked as complete/closed, the user can see the completion message on the SDK UI. <br/><br/> ![all_custom_tools](assets/sdk_complete.png)

### Automatic Closing of Chats
Chats are automatically closed if:

> - Chats assigned to the agent which are currently in waiting when the agent logs out

Reviewer: Not sure what this means?

> - No messages are exchanged between the agent and the user and the chat is either with the bot or is in waiting for user state for **8 minutes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No messages are exchanged between the agent and the user and the chat is either with the bot or is in **Waiting for user" state for **8 minutes**.
```

> - If all agents were offline, and  [this](https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/teams#step-4---setup-team-offline-message) setting was enabled for the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If all agents were offline, and [this](https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/teams#step-4---setup-team-offline-message) setting was enabled for the team.
```

  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_1_1.png)
  <br/><br/>

- Alternatively a team lead can also manually mark a live chat as complete by tapping on 1 of the two options in the composer inside the Businesses/Teams pages.

  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_1.png)
  <br/><br/>

> - The agent will have 2 options here

Reviewer 2: Is it not the "team lead" who has access to this page?  Either way, don't we have 3 options where the third will be "Reassign chat"?

Author: this is agent only...

  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_1_1.png)
  <br/><br/>

- Alternatively a team lead can also manually mark a live chat as complete by tapping on 1 of the two options in the composer inside the Businesses/Teams pages.

  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_1.png)
  <br/><br/>

- The agent will have 2 options here
  - **Mark a chat complete**: This means that the conversation is complete and the user will not be sending more messages as a part of this conversation.

>   - **Send to waiting**: Sometimes the conversation isn't complete. For example, the agent has replied but the user is taking some time to reply. In this case the agent can mark the chat as waiting. This removes the chat from the agent's queue freeing up the agent so that the agent can take more chats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Send to waiting**: Sometimes the conversation isn't complete. For example, the agent has replied but the user is taking some time to reply. In this case the agent can mark the chat as waiting. This removes the chat from the agent's queue freeing up the agent so that the agent can take more fresh chats.
```

    > Once the user replies, the conversation is added back to the same agent's queue.
    > When an agent goes offline, all chats that are currently marked as waiting, will be moved back to team queue with the higest priority, and will be assigned to the next available agents.
  
  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_2.png)

> - Once the agent marks the conversation appropriately. The conversation is removed from the agent's queue and the My Chats page.

Reviewer: What does this mean actually?

  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_1_1.png)
  <br/><br/>

- Alternatively a team lead can also manually mark a live chat as complete by tapping on 1 of the two options in the composer inside the Businesses/Teams pages.

  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_1.png)
  <br/><br/>

- The agent will have 2 options here
  - **Mark a chat complete**: This means that the conversation is complete and the user will not be sending more messages as a part of this conversation.
  - **Send to waiting**: Sometimes the conversation isn't complete. For example, the agent has replied but the user is taking some time to reply. In this case the agent can mark the chat as waiting. This removes the chat from the agent's queue freeing up the agent so that the agent can take fresh chats.

    > Once the user replies, the conversation is added back to the same agent's queue.
    > When an agent goes offline, all chats that are currently marked as waiting, will be moved back to team queue with the higest priority, and will be assigned to the next available agents.
  
  ![all_custom_tools](assets/close_2.png)

> - Once the agent marks the conversation appropriately. The conversation is removed from the agent's queue and the My Chats page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the agent marks a conversation complete, the conversation is removed from the agent's queue and the **MyChats** screen.
```
